Fixed missing code marker end (#437)
rsksmart/devportal: _rsk/rbtc/conversion/networks/mainnet.md

**4 Get R-BTC address with BTC private key**

> You can get a corresponding R-BTC address with your BTC private key from [https://github.com/rsksmart/utils](https://github.com/rsksmart/utils). If you do not want to compile the site you can download the [release](https://github.com/rsksmart/utils/releases/tag/v1.0.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can get a corresponding R-BTC address from your BTC private key by using [github.com/rsksmart/utils](https://github.com/rsksmart/utils). If you do not want to compile the utility, you can download the [latest release](https://github.com/rsksmart/utils/releases/latest).
```

Rephrase, plus change link to generic latest release alias, for forward compatibility.

**1 Get BTC address with R-BTC private key**

> If you forgot BTC public address you can retrieve it with RSK private key from [https://github.com/rsksmart/utils](https://github.com/rsksmart/utils). If you do not want to compile the site you can download the [release](https://github.com/rsksmart/utils/releases/tag/v1.0.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can get a corresponding BTC address from your R-BTC private key by using [github.com/rsksmart/utils](https://github.com/rsksmart/utils). If you do not want to compile the utility, you can download the [latest release](https://github.com/rsksmart/utils/releases/latest).
```

Rephrase, plus change link top latest release alias.
